Merge idle timeout and keep alive section (#533)
quicwg/multipath: draft-ietf-quic-multipath.md

processing as the content of lost packets initially sent on one path can be sent
on another path without further frame scheduling adaptations.

## Keep Alive

The QUIC specification defines an optional keep alive process, see {{Section 5.3 of QUIC-TRANSPORT}}.
Implementations of the multipath extension should map this keep alive process to a number of paths.
Some applications may keep only one path alive, while others could prefer to maintain
liveliness on two or more paths during the connection lifetime.
Different applications will likely require different strategies.
Once the implementation has decided which paths to keep alive, it can do so by sending Ping frames

> on each of these paths before the idle timeout expires.

Author: Note that is moved a shorter version of this text further down.

e.g. due to middlebox timeouts. To avoid such path breakage, endpoints
can send ack-eliciting packets such as packets containing PING frames
({{Section 19.2 of QUIC-TRANSPORT}}) on that path to keep it alive.
{{Section 5.3 of QUIC-TRANSPORT}} defines an optional keep alive process.
This process can be applied to each path separately depending on application needs.
Some applications may decide to not keep any not-actively used path alive,
keep only one additonal path alive, or multiple paths, e.g. for more redunancy.
As discussed in {{Section 10.1.2 of QUIC-TRANSPORT}}, the keep-alive interval
needs to incorperate timeouts in middleboxes on the path.

> If a path was not actively used for a while and no keep alives have been sent,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a path was not actively used for a while and no more packets have been sent,
```

Author: I don't think this change puts it right. Active use effectively already implies that no packets have been sent, however, this second part is here to be explicit that also no keep alives have been sent because that is the kind of probing we talk about. If we want to change this sentence we could just remove the second part about keep alives but I think it's okay to be explicit.

Reviewer 2: I think I agree with @mirjak.

Author: Okay, I will merge the PR now as it is.

an endpoint can probe it before switching to active use if there are still other paths
that are currently usable.

> 

Reviewer 2: The weird part of that paragraph is the conditional "if there are still other paths
that are currently usable." What we are saying is that and endpoint that want to use an idle path should probe it first, to verify that it is still usable. Of course if there is no other path available, the probing is a bit pointless, because if that last idle path does not work the connection will just break. But we we don't really need to say that.

Author: Yes, but I don't see a real problem just saying it anyway and keeping the sentence as it is...
